Chore: (Docs) Design Systems for Developers updates for 6.4 (#551)
chromaui/learnstorybook.com: content/design-systems-for-developers/react/en/architecture.md

In chapter 2, we extract a design system from existing component libraries. Along the way, we determine which components belong in the design system and outline common challenges developers face getting started.

> In large companies, this exercise is done in conjunction with design, engineering, and product teams. [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) (the company behind Storybook) and [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) share a sprightly frontend infrastructure team that serves nearly 800 open source contributors across 3+ properties, so we’re going to outline the process for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In large companies, this exercise is done in conjunction with design, engineering, and product teams. [Chromatic](https://www.chromatic.com/) (the company behind Storybook) and [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/) share a sprightly frontend infrastructure team that serves 1400+ open source contributors across 3+ properties, so we’re going to outline the process for you.
```

![Variants in one component](/design-systems-for-developers/design-system-consolidate-into-one-button.jpg)

We’ve selected a subset of these components for this tutorial to make reasoning about the repository simpler. Some teams also include customized third-party components in their design systems for other components like Tables and Forms.

<div class="aside">💡 CSS-in-JS: We use <a href="https://www.styled-components.com">styled-components</a>, a library that allows us to scope styling to the component. There are other valid methods to style components including targeting classes manually, CSS modules, etc.</div>

In addition to UI components, it makes sense to include styling constants for typography, colors, spacing, etc., that are reused across projects. In design system nomenclature global style variables are called “design tokens”. We won’t dive into the theory behind design tokens in this guide, but you can learn more online (here’s a [good article](https://medium.com/eightshapes-llc/tokens-in-design-systems-25dd82d58421)).

## Let’s start developing

> We’ve defined what to build and how it fits together, and it’s time to get to work. In chapter 3, we’ll scaffold the fundamental tooling for design systems. Our raw directory of UI components will be cataloged and viewable with help from Storybook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve defined what to build and how it fits together. Now it’s time to get to work. In chapter 3, we’ll scaffold the fundamental tooling for design systems. Our raw directory of UI components will be cataloged and viewable with help from Storybook.
```
